initial info for contributions (#21)
caddyserver/ingress: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Requirements

We will explain how to contribute to this project using a linux machine, in order to be able ot easly contribute you need:

>  - A machine with a public IP in order to use let's encrypt (you can provision ad-hoc machine on any clud provider you use)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A machine with a public IP in order to use let's encrypt (you can provision ad-hoc machine on any cloud provider you use, or port-forward your home network for dev and testing)
```

>  - A domain that redirect to server IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A domain with A and/or AAAA records set to your server's IP
```

 - [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind) (to create a development cluster)
 - [skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/) (to improve development experience)
 - [Docker HUB](https://hub.docker.com) account (to store your docker images)

> ## Setup a development cluster

Reviewer 2: This is fine but should probably make it explicit that it is optional. Kubernetes comes with docker for Mac so I don’t want someone getting confused and setting up kind if they don’t need to 😛

Author: @dannav It's fine for you add a note like:

> OPTIONAL: this is needed only if you don't have a kubernetes cluster to use for development purpose (like Docker for Mac)

Reviewer: @mavimo That looks good to me, sure -- please go for it!
